Why just the two of you?
What about mom? Mommy hasn't come back yet.
My biological father is here
I should be in a bad mood to rob my mommy
Daddy, you are his husband now
When he comes back, you have to coax him.
biological father
That guy doesn't look good to me
That is, I'm not grown up now
Otherwise, see how I teach him a lesson
Oh, I see.
It's getting late.
Take your sister to bed first
What are you doing here?
I have something to do with you.
How much alcohol did you drink?
i
I have something to say to you. What's the matter?
We
Hmm, get a divorce.
divorce
My biological father came and robbed my mommy
Should be in a bad mood
Because Cao Cao's father
Don't mention him to me
He is a personal god
Why am I so unlucky?
You said if you knew
You have to know that your father is such a scumbag
Will you be like them?
Don't want to be with me anymore, will you?
I don't want to divorce you.
Can you ask me to get dressed?
that
Then you
Don't plan to divorce me
Can you let me put my clothes on first?
Hey
Uh-huh.